README.md, before:

# mode
A simple and effective behavioral state machine library, written in in idiomatic, 100% safe, stable Rust code.
This library provides three main types, `Automaton`, `Mode`, and `Transition`, that facilitate the creation of
behavioral state machines. An `Automaton` can be used to quickly create a state machine over a set of `Mode`s that
implement some `Base` type. Each struct that implements `Mode` represents a distinct state in the state machine, and
the `Automaton` allows function calls to be dispatched to the current `Mode` by providing access to it as a `Base`
reference. A flexible `Transition` system provides a way for the current `Mode` to swap in a new state when it is
ready. The `Transition` system is designed such that the current `Mode` can move data from itself directly into the
`Mode` being created, which can help prevent spikes in memory usage while switching from one state to the next.

## Documentation
Please see [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/mode) for detailed documentation.

## Example
```rust
use mode::*;

// This trait will be used as the Base type for the Automaton, defining a common interface
// for all states.
trait Activity {
    fn update(&mut self);
}

// Each state in the state machine implements both Activity (the Base type) and Mode.
struct Working {
    pub hours_worked : u32,
}

impl Activity for Working {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.hours_worked += 1; }
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Working {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }

    // This function allows the current Mode to swap to another Mode, when ready.
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.hours_worked == 4 || self.hours_worked >= 8 {
            // To swap to another Mode, a Transition function is returned, which will consume
            // the current Mode and return a new Mode to be swapped in as active.
            Some(Box::new(|previous : Self| {
                Eating { hours_worked: previous.hours_worked, calories_consumed: 0 }
            }))
        }
        else { None } // None means don't transition.
    }
}

struct Eating {
    pub hours_worked : u32,
    pub calories_consumed : u32,
}

impl Activity for Eating {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.calories_consumed += 100; } // Yum!
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Eating {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.calories_consumed >= 500 {
            if self.hours_worked >= 8 {
                // Time for bed!
                Some(Box::new(|_ : Self| { Sleeping { hours_rested: 0 } }))
            }
            else {
                // Time to go back to work!
                Some(Box::new(|previous : Self| {
                    Working { hours_worked: previous.hours_worked }
                }))
            }
        }
        else { None }
    }
}

struct Sleeping {
    pub hours_rested : u32,
}

impl Activity for Sleeping {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.hours_rested += 1; } // ZzZzZzZz...
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Sleeping {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.hours_rested >= 8 {
            // Time for breakfast!
            Some(Box::new(|_| { Eating { hours_worked: 0, calories_consumed: 0 } }))
        }
        else { None }
    }
}

fn main() {
    let mut person = Automaton::with_initial_mode(Working { hours_worked: 0 });
    
    for age in (18..100) {
        // Update the current Mode for the Automaton.
        person.borrow_mode_mut().update();

        // Allow the Automaton to switch Modes.
        person.perform_transitions();
    }
}
```

# License
Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](https://github.com/andrewtc/mode/blob/master/LICENSE-APACHE) or 
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](https://github.com/andrewtc/mode/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contributing
Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as
defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Add "Releases" heading to README.md

README.md, after:

# mode
A simple and effective behavioral state machine library, written in in idiomatic, 100% safe, stable Rust code.
This library provides three main types, `Automaton`, `Mode`, and `Transition`, that facilitate the creation of
behavioral state machines. An `Automaton` can be used to quickly create a state machine over a set of `Mode`s that
implement some `Base` type. Each struct that implements `Mode` represents a distinct state in the state machine, and
the `Automaton` allows function calls to be dispatched to the current `Mode` by providing access to it as a `Base`
reference. A flexible `Transition` system provides a way for the current `Mode` to swap in a new state when it is
ready. The `Transition` system is designed such that the current `Mode` can move data from itself directly into the
`Mode` being created, which can help prevent spikes in memory usage while switching from one state to the next.

## Releases
See the full list of releases on [GitHub](https://github.com/andrewtc/mode/releases).

## Documentation
Please see [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/mode) for detailed documentation.

## Example
```rust
use mode::*;

// This trait will be used as the Base type for the Automaton, defining a common interface
// for all states.
trait Activity {
    fn update(&mut self);
}

// Each state in the state machine implements both Activity (the Base type) and Mode.
struct Working {
    pub hours_worked : u32,
}

impl Activity for Working {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.hours_worked += 1; }
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Working {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }

    // This function allows the current Mode to swap to another Mode, when ready.
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.hours_worked == 4 || self.hours_worked >= 8 {
            // To swap to another Mode, a Transition function is returned, which will consume
            // the current Mode and return a new Mode to be swapped in as active.
            Some(Box::new(|previous : Self| {
                Eating { hours_worked: previous.hours_worked, calories_consumed: 0 }
            }))
        }
        else { None } // None means don't transition.
    }
}

struct Eating {
    pub hours_worked : u32,
    pub calories_consumed : u32,
}

impl Activity for Eating {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.calories_consumed += 100; } // Yum!
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Eating {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.calories_consumed >= 500 {
            if self.hours_worked >= 8 {
                // Time for bed!
                Some(Box::new(|_ : Self| { Sleeping { hours_rested: 0 } }))
            }
            else {
                // Time to go back to work!
                Some(Box::new(|previous : Self| {
                    Working { hours_worked: previous.hours_worked }
                }))
            }
        }
        else { None }
    }
}

struct Sleeping {
    pub hours_rested : u32,
}

impl Activity for Sleeping {
    fn update(&mut self) { self.hours_rested += 1; } // ZzZzZzZz...
}

impl<'a> Mode<'a> for Sleeping {
    type Base = Activity + 'a;
    fn as_base(&self) -> &Self::Base { self }
    fn as_base_mut(&mut self) -> &mut Self::Base { self }
    fn get_transition(&mut self) -> Option<TransitionBox<'a, Self>> {
        if self.hours_rested >= 8 {
            // Time for breakfast!
            Some(Box::new(|_| { Eating { hours_worked: 0, calories_consumed: 0 } }))
        }
        else { None }
    }
}

fn main() {
    let mut person = Automaton::with_initial_mode(Working { hours_worked: 0 });
    
    for age in (18..100) {
        // Update the current Mode for the Automaton.
        person.borrow_mode_mut().update();

        // Allow the Automaton to switch Modes.
        person.perform_transitions();
    }
}
```

# License
Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](https://github.com/andrewtc/mode/blob/master/LICENSE-APACHE) or 
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](https://github.com/andrewtc/mode/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contributing
Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as
defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
